Kubernetes Installer v2023.03.13-0 release notes (#999)
replicatedhq/replicated-docs: docs/release-notes/rn-kubernetes-installer.md

# Kubernetes Installer Release Notes

## v2023.03.13-0

Released on March 13, 2023

### New Features {#new-features-v2023-03-13-0}
* Adds [MinIO add-on](https://kurl.sh/docs/add-ons/minio) version RELEASE.2023-03-09T23-16-13Z.
* Adds [Flannel add-on](https://kurl.sh/docs/add-ons/flannel) version 0.21.3.
* Adds [Prometheus add-on](https://kurl.sh/docs/add-ons/prometheus) version 0.63.0-45.7.1.

### Bug Fixes {#bug-fixes-v2023-03-13-0}

> * Fix upgrade timeouts by adding check to wait for Rook rollout from 1.5.9 to 1.10.8 as is done for Rook 1.10.11.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes upgrade timeouts by adding a check to wait for Rook rollout from 1.5.9 to 1.10.8 as is done for Rook 1.10.11.
```
